docs(readme): added description new structure and onboarding new product teams and special cases (#2)
catenax-ng/product-onboarding: vault/README.md

# This folder contains Terraform scripting for Vault onboarding

**TLDR** one terraform run for all vault permissions for each product

> In our case we have one Vault Cluster which is capable for all Vault information for each cluster and product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our case we have one Vault Cluster which contains all secrets for each cluster and product.
```
